>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Extensible Blueprints
coming soon, so
eventually you'll be able to
write kind of your own generator.
So if you for
instance have an internal style guide for
your team, you'll be able to
create custom generators.
So again, I like generators,
don't use them as a crutch.
Once you know what you're doing then for
instance I have Typinator
on my computer because I don't like typing
my emails over and over, or my addresses,
or my phone, or credit card numbers,
just kidding, those are not in there.
The only thing that's not in here
is routes, the reason being,
I was talking to Mike Brokey and.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's debatable whether
routes will actually ever go in there
because by the time you factor
in the super custom DSL,
to actually make that work it's easier
just to define your routes yourself.
Cuz really, adding a route definition is,
I don't know one,
two, three lines of code, so
I think generating routes,
I think they're realizing it may
be better just to do it by hand.
But we'll see, if they change it,
I'll be back here for
another refresh of the work shop.
Again I'm kidding.